Prep/Setup
1. If you have a Wasta computer IBus should be running: you should see 'EN' or a
      bordered square with a letter in the tray—the iBus keyboard indicator icon.
         If this is visible click on it to see which keyboards are already
         installed on the computer. If you see the keyboard you need you are 
         good to go. Otherwise skip to (3) below.
2a. If there is no keyboard icon, type the Windows key, then type "ibus" into the
    Search bar at the top of the Menu. 
2b. If you see the item: "IBus Preferences", click it to start the IBus daemon. 
    Say "yes" to run the daemon and a keyboard indicator icon should appear.
         Then go to (3).
2c. If IBus Preferences is not available, request help from the LSS office at Ukarumpa.

3. Install keyboard (if IBus is installed).
   3.1. Open Files: Type Windows key, type 'files'.
   3.2. In the Files window show Hidden Files: Tick this item on the View Menu.
        Hidden file names in Linux begin with fullstop '.', and are usually listed
        following the "normal" files.  
   3.3a. If .kmfl is in the list double-click to open it. Skip to 4.
   3.3b. If .kmfl is not visible (but other .xxx folders are), do 
        File > Create new folder. Name it '.kmfl' (Enter to set the new name). 
        Double-click to enter .kmfl and create another new folder inside it 
        named 'icons'. Use lower-case only for these file names. 
        So the folder structure inside your user's Home folder is 
	   /home/[kim]/.kmfl/icons/ . 
        Linux shortcut for your home folder is '~/', so
           ~/.kmfl/icons/ specifies the same location as /home/[username]/.kmfl/icons.
   3.4. Copy your xxx.kmn file into .kmfl/, and copy the icon associated with it
        into icons/. (Now you may close the Files window.)

4. Update iBus
   4.1. Right-click on the IBus keyboard icon, choose Restart. The icon will 
        disappear and reappear, indicating that IBus has restarted.
   4.1b. Right-click again on the IBus icon, choose Preferences.
   4.2. If you don't see a keyboard icon as in the screenshot in (1), type the
        Windows key, then type ibus, open IBus Preferences, say "yes" if it asks
        whether you want to run the "daemon".
   4.3. Click the second tab, Input Method.
   4.4. Click the Add button at the right.
   4.5. In the Select a Keyboard window click the three vertical dots.
   4.6. Drag the scrollbar slider all the way to the bottom and choose Other.
   4.7. Scroll down to the keyboard you copied in (3), select it and 
        click the Add button.
   4.8. When the new keyboard appears in the Input Method list you are done.
        Close the iBus Preferences window. 

5. You should be able to click the IBus keyboard icon and see a choice between 
   English and your language's keyboard. Once you choose a keyboard that choice
   should remain active until you change it again. If you are unable to type 
   a character from your language's keyboard check the IBus keyboard icon to be
   sure that keyboard is active.

